PakCLI Table
69 downloads
Visual tables, interactive SQL database explorer, ASCII canvas drawing, and interactive Leaflet maps.
Work in progress
Scorecards are new and may contain errors. If you notice anything inaccurate, please let us know. Learn more.
Health
Excellent
This plugin is actively maintained.
Hygiene
Readme, license, contributing guide, and description all present.
Maintenance
Last commit 7 minutes ago. 126 commits in the past year. Last release 5 minutes ago.
Responsiveness
No issues filed.
Adoption
12 installations.
Review
Risks
11686 issues found by automated scans of the latest release.
Passed
Build verified against source.
The main.js release asset has a verified GitHub artifact attestation.
The styles.css release asset has a verified GitHub artifact attestation.
Vault Read: Reads individual vault files via the Obsidian API (vault.read, vault.cachedRead)
Vault Write: Creates or modifies vault files via the Obsidian API (vault.modify, vault.create, etc.)
No vulnerable dependencies found.
Disclosures
Number of network request calls
Code uses runtime base64 encode or decode calls
WASM module (inline WASM blob #1) exports its linear memory
Malware scan not available.
Obfuscation scan not available.
Network requests scan not available.
Warnings
Unsafe member access on an error or any typed value	4298
Unsafe call of an error or any typed value	4028
Unsafe assignment of an error or any typed value	2161
Passes unsafe values into typed parameters	450
Returns unsafe values from typed code	414
Unexpected any. Specify a different type.	120
Uses document.createElement instead of Obsidian's createEl helpers	98
Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handler or be explicitly marked as ignored with the void operator.	42
'error' type that acts as 'any' and overrides all other types in this union type	24
This assertion is unnecessary since it does not change the type of the expression.	23
This assertion is unnecessary since the receiver accepts the original type of the expression.	12
Promise returned in function argument where a void return was expected.	3
Unexpected browser feature "extended-system-fonts" is not supported by Obsidian 1.5.8	3
Empty block statement.	2
Expected non-Promise value in a boolean conditional.	2
Promise-returning function provided to property where a void return was expected.	2
Unexpected browser feature "text-decoration" is only partially supported by Obsidian 1.5.8	1
Other
Vault Enumeration: Enumerates all files in the vault (vault.getFiles, getMarkdownFiles, etc.). Gives the plugin access to every file path in the vault.
Clipboard Access: Reads or writes the system clipboard. May expose content copied from outside Obsidian.
Dynamic Code Execution: Executes dynamically generated code via eval() or new Function(). Prevents full static analysis of plugin behavior.
Current version
1.0.40
